So node dev 8 and we'll
come over to exercise 8.
Now we're talking about skeletons and
not like skeletons in the closet but
like UI skeletons.
I actually missed out on an opportunity
to put a skeleton, your skeleton.
There we go.
Tada, there you go.
There's your skeleton.
So loading spinners are awesome.
We can do a little bit better and
we're going to improve this
experience further by making it so
you're actually let's get on here so
I can demonstrate that for
you and koddy@remix.run, Kody loves you.
So when you go between
these different customers,
I want to be able to render
something over here instantly.
Getting that spinner up there, that's
great and all, but the user might not
notice it like so maybe there's an
argument to be had for improving the user
experience by making it more obvious or
something, talk to your designer.
But it would be nicer to have a more
co located loading experience.
And so if I click on this, it should
render some sort of skeleton UI here,
that's the desired outcome for
this specific situation.
That's not always the desired outcome.
It actually can be nice to click on this
and be like, you know what, actually,
I want to go to that invoice, right?
So while it's transitioning,
making use of what you have now might
be better than seeing just nonsense
until that other page loads.
So it's not 100% of the time
skeletons are better.
This is more of the art
side of making a web app.
But for our case, we're going to say that
it's better to instantly update this and
show a skeleton for the invoices.
Interesting thing here is that we actually
have all the information we need for
this part of the app before we even go to
the loader for this customer ID to get
that information because we literally
just loaded it over here in the parent.
So the parent already knows and
we could click on this and
instantly show the email address and
the name of our customer.
And then just have the slow
part which is the invoices and
the the part we don't have yet
be the skeleton.
So that's what our skeleton does,
it accepts the name of the company and
the email as prompts and
then shows the skeleton for the invoices.
So that is your job I've wrote
this skeleton for you and
your job is just to make it so
that as the user clicks on these different
customers you can send that customer's
information to the skeleton.
And you can know that you
need to render the skeleton,
when we're in a loading state.
The interesting thing here,
is that we're actually going
to be rendering the skeleton instead of
the outlet, when we're transitioning.
So we actually say, the heck with my
children, was just such a, what a jerk for
a parent, but
that's what they were saying.
Like, I don't care if I have children.
I'm not rendering, don't render those I'm
just going to render the skeleton instead.
So have a good time with that this
is in the customers route and yeah,
rock on with exercise 8.